I: Just for the record, are you okay with me recording the screen? And then I may quote you anonymously in the thesis, but then everything is anonymous. Okay, thank you. So your task is to log in and vote. Just kind of a picture, because you need the government approval for that. Just going to ask you, are you in tomorrow? Would you be willing to do kind of a second round where you change your vote? It is kind of finished, but you should remember what it tells you to remember. Let me just take a note.

T: Should I take a screenshot or something?

I: Would you do that in real life? Because you can do anything.

T: Should I take a picture?

I: Go for it. [...] Okay, perfect. Thanks. I'll just ask you a couple questions.

T: Should I finish because I want to come back?

I: It's already saved.

T: Okay, nice.

I: Let's click this. Okay, nice. So do you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yeah, I think so. It was obvious and with some explanation.

I: Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: No.

I: Okay, nice. Did the application do a good job of explaining everything to you?

T: Yeah, but just the last step. I had thought to, what is it, finish the logout or should I stay there as I asked you. Because it was not obvious to me if I could change my vote afterwards if I pressed the button to finish it. [User ignores the big green checkmark saying Your vote has been recorded successfully]

I: Yeah, no, you can change your vote up until the end of the election actually.

T: Okay. So because sometimes in some web pages when you have it like save it for later, you don't submit it.

I: Okay.

T: So that was my doubt because of that I didn't press the last button. 

I: Got it, okay.

T: If there is any explanation to, yeah, finish it because afterward you could come back and change it. It's okay, then it will be safer.

I: Okay, yeah, that makes sense. I saw you didn't make use of the built-in help section, why not?

T: I don't know, I didn't feel... Didn't feel like you needed anything.

I: Okay, yeah, that's good. Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: No.

I: Okay, cool. Yeah, thank you so much.
