I: Alright, you have to log in and change your vote. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Uh-huh. I need to actually load your user. I was test one, six. Number six, yes. Perfect.

T: Okay, so I must admit now that the guy got is not well suited, right? Okay. I mean, I remember using this, remember me and whatever. Okay. So this is identify previous ballot. How do I identify my ballot? Why is it necessary? Okay. I forgot this. To protect your privacy, does it not explicitly tell you which ballots are yours or which ones are valid? So you don't need to recognize your own ballots. Does it mean that there are fake ballots as well? Interesting. The date and time when you catch your vote, the unique visual pattern identicon and the word phrase generated on your ballot. Okay. Do I need all of them? Okay, they are. Okay, what if it's not here? I guess there is another page, yeah?

I: Yeah, it's one for pages.

T: Okay, filter by time, search phrases. Okay. I think it was something to do with spring, later spring. I remember it was on an arrow going down. Let's just look for it. Yeah. Later spring, yeah. Perfect. What if I get it wrong? If I don't remember. I can always go.

I: If you couldn't identify your previous valid ballots, your new ballot would not be counted.

T: Okay, so if for example I'm coerced or someone's forcing me to vote, I can just do it on purpose, nice? Okay, perfect. I think I voted the Social Democrats. Let's go for the Green Party. Yeah, Christiane, Green Party. Next. Legislation of Fentanyl. Oh, yeah, I remember this. I don't want this. Okay, I'll vote for this asshole. I think I'll vote for this asshole. Another one to... Okay, century kangaroo. Okay, it's a kangaroo on the cross. Yeah, perfect. Nice. I think I may want to change the party though, because we were just voting on the president or also the party? Oh, okay. May I do it again?

I: You may do it again.

T: Okay, because maybe I just want to change the party, not the... Yeah, I put it before. Oh, nice. Are they auto-generated, the fake ones, at the moment? Yeah, it'll be important. You could identify... Okay, should I try this actually? Oh, can I select more than one?

I: Yeah, select all your ballots.

T: All the previous ones?

I: Yeah.

T: All of them? Oh, shit. Okay, this one as well. I think that's kind of annoying. I selected two? Yeah, I selected. Perfect. What if I fail to count the ballots? Do I have to go to the... Limit love. It's like a cup. Okay, one small...

I: I can answer some questions later on.

T: If you're going to re-vote later, you need to identify this ballot. Okay, so I will have to identify all three of them. Okay, fair enough. May I try messing up when voting, maybe? Most importantly... I mean, notify that this is wrong? Okay, and now the question is, does it actually count? So if I try to vote again, should I just count the folks on it as well? So identify four ballots, although my vote was not valid?

I: No, this one did not count, and you should not select this one when you vote again.

T: Yeah, I think that should be specified in case a person does it... Like a reminder if your vote is not valid, the ballot is not valid either. Because I would be confused if I had to remember this one as well. Or I would just directly go to the office to vote. Yeah, I mean, if you find yourself in a situation where you vote like five times... Yeah, it's kind of annoying. I mean, this is kind of explained, like you have to select... Yeah, yeah, identify all the ballots. Yeah, I think identify all the ballots can be kind of hustle. The thing is, actually, this doesn't say it. Because in here, it tells you actually... It tells you that you need to... Your valid ballots. It doesn't tell you which one are valid. So what's the freaking great text? You can't select previous valid ballots. Yeah, only the valid ones, okay. But yeah, it's here, but it's not here. And it should be.

I: Good point. And yeah, also... Wait, did you say something like it should tell you something?

T: Yeah, it was more regarding that. Because I think it's kind of hustle, like you have to go also for spring. They seem... It's important. They are generated on the spot, right? So I mean, because these are the last two I got. Last three. And it's kind of suspicious. So if someone wanted to force me to vote, and they knew about this system or they tried with different people, they would kind of see...

I: What would they see?

T: They would see that the last three ballots that I got, for example, or the last two ballots that I got, are the ones appearing here. So maybe having a mix, because this...

I: Yeah, but they're sorted by time.

T: Yeah, but I mean, when I voted, the second... So the first time today, I got the secondary category. And when I voted the second time, it was the limit low.

I: Yeah, because they stored it by time. So every time they are... Sorry, every time they are generated a new one or a few minutes or... I think, at least in my code, it's like... Which one are we? Six. Six. So every time you press this, it generates... Yes, now I added a new one, actually. I think.

T: Okay. Yeah. Okay, I see, I see. Then it's fine. So it like procedurally generates fake ballots. Yeah, yeah, I mean, I would just, maybe for future work, change the code so that the ballots are... Like, the position, I guess it's an array or a list, you shuffle them. Just for security reasons, I would say, but that's the only thing.

I: Okay. What do you think about security?

T: Just shuffling them, because I wouldn't feel comfortable knowing that, for example, I know these are the two ballots that I got. And maybe, like, I don't know.

I: The thing is, even if you just voted, like, if the guy logs in and sees, like, ah, this is your vote, it doesn't tell him anything.

T: Yeah, but usually I wouldn't do that. Usually what would happen, I feel, is like, I cast a ballot, and he would see, like, because this is chronological and it's every time I put my ID, right? Okay, so I enter my ID, I generate a new ballot, and then the person can... They can kind of know how it works. I don't know if I'm explaining myself. Again, so... I said that I wrote down, like, you say that your code right now, like, it's just for code... It's just practice. Yeah, so, I mean, I would say that... It would all update in the real scenario. Yeah, like, if I were to... May I log out?

I: Yeah, sure.

T: Okay. If I return to the front page, this is the...

I: Yeah, this would not be here at all.

T: Yeah, yeah. The ballots would kind of update automatically. Yeah, yeah, that's why... Okay, that's fine. I mean, it's just so nothing happens. Yeah, there's also, like, one time I think I saw, like, slavery something. Oh, yeah, delete some possibilities.

I: Oh, it's from the Bitcoin words, I think. Ah. Word list.

T: Abuse. No! Yeah, I think that's the only... I would say it's those, like... Yeah, but then, like, they're not that many words in the English language. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
