I: Okay, so you will be looking at a prototype of a new online voting system. The main goal is to see how easy and understandable the system is to use. I am looking for your honest feedback. This means that there are no right or wrong answers here. You are not being tested here, the system is. I'll be recording our session, screen and audio. This recording is just for internal research purposes and will be kept confidential. Is that okay with you? I may quote you in the thesis anonymously. As you use the system, I'd like you to try and think out loud as much as possible. That means saying out loud what you're looking at, what you're trying to do and what you expect to happen. And what you think of what you see. This is very valuable for me to understand the thought process better. I'll mostly be observing, but I'll give you specific tasks to do. Note that once we begin, I will not answer your questions about the system. You are encouraged to use the tools and information the system provides you to find your answer. If you cannot find the answer, it is the fault of the system and must be fixed. So we're gonna do scenario one. Imagine that this is a prototype of an online voting system that you need to use. It has some extra protection mechanisms built in designed to help protect against voter coercion. That's when somebody might try to force you to vote a certain way. One important measure or feature is that you are able to re-vote multiple times to change your vote before the election officially closes. Now, imagine the election has started and your task is to use the system now to cast your vote for the candidates or issues presented.

T: So I see a bunch of before you vote stuff, which I would obviously go to read, although it seems very boring. First time. Okay, interesting. And then I'm not gonna read the system requirements because that doesn't seem relevant. Gonna log into vote, I think. Yeah, okay. Secure login using incognito mode. Yes, of course. Then I log in. And I enter my user ID and shit, yeah. Then I do the general election. Which is still open, very nice. Yes, of course. Fentanyl should be legal. Yes. Like James Goodman. It's nice. And I submit my vote and I assume I'm done.

I: Oh yeah, let me just stop you right there. Before we talk about the experience, I have a quick logistical question. Would you potentially be willing and available to do a short follow-up session, maybe 10 to 15 minutes, in about one to two days to test another aspect of the system? Sure. Okay, so you might wanna take a closer look at this page.

I: So, did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yes.

I: Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: No.

I: Did the application do a good job of explaining things to you?

T: I'd say so, yeah. Did you make use of the built-in help section, which is the one on the top?

I: No. Okay, why not?

T: Didn't feel like needed.

I: Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: I didn't think anything was alone. But I mean privacy and shit, so it makes sense.

I: Okay, yeah. Thanks.

