5:

I: So imagine a major news scandal related to one of the candidates or issues has completely changed your mind. You now strongly want to change your vote. Your task is now to log back into the system and cast a new vote that reflects your changed preferences.

T: So, logging in, vote again. So after I meet ID, I'm selecting the election that is active. Since I voted before, I select the option for the... Yes, I voted before. And now I'm trying to identify my previous ballot. I have found my previous ballot and selected it, and I'm continuing to vote. So I'm changing my vote now. And I'm submitting the vote. Yes. Finishing and logging out.

I: So did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points during the process?

T: Yes. I think it was clear.

I: Did revoting feel like a natural option that one may use or like something unusual?

T: I find it difficult to map it to the normal voting process. So maybe in an online format it would become more likely to change your vote, since it's more accessible.

I: Got it. Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to?

T: Not really. I think the information about the memory tags were good enough.

I: Did the application do a good job of explaining things to you?

T: Yes.

I: Did you make use of the built-in help section?

T: Not this time.

I: And why not?

T: Since I checked the help function from before about the memory tags, I knew what I was looking for when I was selecting my vote. And then the rest of the process was quite straightforward.

I: Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: No, not really.

I: Okay. Was it easy for you to remember your previous ballot?

T: Easy enough, but I think out of the multitude of ballots that were suggested, it would be difficult to find the correct one, especially if the colors keep remaining the same. Like scrolling through the four pages to find my tag and having seen a lot of other orange tags around was a bit difficult.

I: Got it. Was it easy for you to remember it?

T: It's a cumulative color and the text that was attached, maybe not so much of a pattern.

I: What do you think about the current memory aids overall?

T: I think they're quite good, yes. Again, I think not a lot of focus is placed on the pattern.

I: What do you think about the re-voting mechanism overall?

T: I think it's quite straightforward. Maybe it would be nice to have a confirmation on another platform that, hey, your vote was registered successfully or not.

I: Are you aware of the possibility to cast an invalid ballot?

T: Yes.

I: Do you think the website provides enough information about invalid ballots?

T: Yes, the confirmation page was explicitly saying what happens with an invalid ballot.

I: How sure are you that you have cast a valid ballot?

T: I am quite sure since I selected the memory tag that I remembered.

I: Do you want to do a heads up of thirds now? So let's just go back and let me just refresh the test. Imagine the following situation, which is hypothetical but important for us to understand. Imagine you are trying to vote, but someone is coercing you. Maybe they are physically present, watching over your shoulder, or watching your screen remotely. They are telling you exactly how you must vote. Specifically, they insist that you must vote for the very first option listed for each question or issue on the ballot. Now, the critical part is, you need to act normally while doing this, so you don't raise this coercive suspicion. That means you cannot obviously click on or read any help sections or information buttons,
especially anything related to coercion while they are watching. However, your secret goal is to make sure that when the election finally concludes, it's your own secretly intended vote that actually gets counted, not the coerced vote you were about to cast. Go ahead.

T: So I'm logging in to vote again. And since it's obvious that I voted before, I select the same option. However, this time I'm going for a different memory tag.

I: Okay.

T: And continuing to it as normal, redefining my votes. And then reviewing and submitting the vote.

I: Okay. Cool. Can you explain in your own words what you just did? Which anti-coercion mechanism you used?

T: Yes, I used the option that I have voted before, and I deliberately went for a different tag of mine to invalidate my vote and act as normal in front of the coercer.

I: Does the website provide you with enough information even while you cannot access the help section about this?

T: Yes, I think the confirmation prompt helps a lot with that. It reminds you that an incorrect selection of your tag comes as an invalid vote.

I: Cool, thanks.

6:

I: Okay, so you will be looking at a prototype of a new online voting system. The main goal is to see how easy and understandable the system is to use. I'm looking for your honest feedback. This means that there are no right or wrong answers here. You are not being tested here. I'll be recording our session, screen and audio, but the recording is just for my internal research purposes and will be kept confidential, but I may quote you for the thesis paper. Is that okay with you? Yeah. As you use the system, I'd like you to try it and think out loud as much as possible. That means saying out loud what you're looking at, what you think you're trying to do, what do you expect to happen, and what you think of what you see. This is very valuable for me to understand your thought process better. And I'll be mostly observing, but I'll give you specific tasks to do. Note that once we begin, I will not answer your questions about the system. You are encouraged to use the tools and information that the system provides you to find your answer. If you cannot find the answer, it is the fault of the system and it must be fixed. So, this is a prototype for an online voting system that you need to use. There are some extra protection mechanisms built in, designed to help protect against voter coercion. That is when someone might try to force you to vote a certain way. One important feature is that you are able to e-vote multiple times to change your vote before the election fully closes. Now imagine the election has started, your task is to use the system now to cast your votes for the candidates or issues presented. So, go ahead. There's a mouse.

T: I want to log in and here I have secure screen. Use incognito mode to protect your privacy. I don't use no record. I'll just go with the log in with mid-ID. This is just a picture. Sorry? This is just a picture. I'll just continue. So, that's available in the election. So, I want to enter the election here. Have you voted before in this election? No, this is my first vote. Your vote will only be counted if you provide correct information about your voting history. So, this is correct. So, it is my first vote because I'm 18. Nice. Cast your votes. Parliamentary elections. Vote for the party you wish to represent you in the parliament. I don't know. We'll go Social Democrats because they are the best in Slovakia. Next, cast your votes. Legalization of fentanyl should sail. Of course. Next, cast your presidential election. The first guy. And review. Okay. Confirm. Yeah. Everything looks just the way that I input it. So, fine. Vote successfully cast. Your vote information. If you plan to re-vote later, you'll need to identify this ballot by the date and time shown below. Okay, so I think that I need to remember this. Please take note of this information. So, I'll write it down. So, it's 10.04.

I: Can I just ask you, before we talk about it, could you potentially be willing and available to do a short follow-up session in about one or two days to test the e-voting aspect of the system? Okay, perfect. So, did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yeah, I think it was pretty clear. So, like, yeah. Like, essentially it took me maybe like four or five clicks to log in and then to vote for the three different map parts. So, yeah, I think that everything was clear. And also, I like the red dialogues or the red information. So, yeah, I think that everything was clear.

I: Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: No, not yet.

I: Okay.

T: Everything was clear.

I: Did the application do a good job of explaining things to you?

T: I would say so, yeah. Like, everything that I needed was there. So, yeah. No improvements.

I: Did you make use of the built-in help section?

T: No, I did not. I didn't need it. Because, I mean, I could just follow the instructions that were provided to me, like, just where they were. So, I didn't need to use the help.

I: Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: Maybe the mid-ID, but that's also, of course, not the point of the UI.

I: All right. Well, that's about it for today.

7:

I: Yes. Alright. And all the information should be on the websites for you, so I will actually not answer any questions, but you should kind of have to figure out what you have to do from the website alone. Okay. So the task is just to log in and cast your vote. Okay. And I mean, I can go in and check all of these before? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And it would also be really helpful if you kind of spoke out loud about what you're looking at and what you think is happening.

T: Okay. Ensure you are in a private environment. What does that mean? I hope I'm just watching all I show, but this doesn't make sense. Your electorate is not being monitored or recorded. It's pretty easy to find out. So what is it that you want me to do now? It's just log in. Left click. Oh, okay. So with my real?

I: No, it's just a picture.

T: It's just a picture. I didn't know how far you wanted me to go. This page would have been... I'll just go, okay. Just read the text question. That would be... Um... I might click the login button.

I: Oh, please don't actually do this because the server could be busy. It's just a little quick look because... I was in my... Okay.

T: Okay. Before proceeding, using a cognitant mode ensures no browsing. Okay. Um... Filter by... I guess it is... Apparently I voted before. Oh, you just kind of have to keep track of it. So let me just check it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. Okay. Christian. Oh my god. I will check that one. That is so obvious. Legislation of... Should the sale... Oh, wait. Okay. Okay. I have no idea who they are, but here we go. Oh, come on. I'm not going to click all of them, but I think it's a relevant selection of help center things. Okay. Yeah, I think the... In the beginning, it's about the coercion thing, but it also provided that help. What to be afraid of or what to be aware of in the voting situation. [Note: The user here wrongfully thought the decoy ballots were actually those cast by the testers before him. He then wrongfully clicked a bunch of ballots and thus submitted an invalid vote.]

I: Yeah, got it. And did the application do a good job of explaining everything to you?

T: I mean, the questions themselves were straight and accurate, easy to understand, right? Kind of what you get used to by now, I guess.

I: Right. Did you make use of the built-in help section?

T: I guess I saw you. I guess I did. So, yes.

I: And why?

T: More to get... It was not that I had a need to read the help, I felt, but sometimes it's also like just out of pure interest to kind of get maybe a more deep understanding of what kind of questions could you ask, and then like, oh, maybe I didn't think of that, just to be more aware of the tool or the process itself.

I: Yeah. And was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: No, I don't think so. Okay.

I: Well, the thing that I saw actually wanted to ask you if you had voted before in this election, it always shows like no or yes, because it's supposed to be kind of plausible deniability. Yeah. So even if you haven't, there will be an option that you have so that if there's somebody behind you, the application can't reveal any information about you. And the thing I saw you click was you clicked you did, which is incorrect. So actually your vote was not counted because you provided incorrect information.

T: Okay.

I: And why do you think you, I guess, decided to click that?

T: Yeah, I mean, when I... Actually, because we skipped this MitID and then I thought, okay, so this is just about test data and you have to run this on other persons, so there's data. So I guess I'm playing the role of a person who has done this before. So I wanted more than just to fill out a blank completely from the start. I was like, okay, let me see if it overrides. I haven't gotten to that part yet because now I just have the new key phrase or what do you call that? Yeah, this olive thing.

8:

I: Just for the record, are you okay with me recording the screen? And then I may quote you anonymously in the thesis, but then everything is anonymous. Okay, thank you. So your task is to log in and vote. Just kind of a picture, because you need the government approval for that. Just going to ask you, are you in tomorrow? Would you be willing to do kind of a second round where you change your vote? It is kind of finished, but you should remember what it tells you to remember. Let me just take a note.

T: Should I take a screenshot or something?

I: Would you do that in real life? Because you can do anything.

T: Should I take a picture?

I: Go for it. [...] Okay, perfect. Thanks. I'll just ask you a couple questions.

T: Should I finish because I want to come back?

I: It's already saved.

T: Okay, nice.

I: Let's click this. Okay, nice. So do you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yeah, I think so. It was obvious and with some explanation.

I: Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: No.

I: Okay, nice. Did the application do a good job of explaining everything to you?

T: Yeah, but just the last step. I had thought to, what is it, finish the logout or should I stay there as I asked you. Because it was not obvious to me if I could change my vote afterwards if I pressed the button to finish it. [User ignores the big green checkmark saying Your vote has been recorded successfully]

I: Yeah, no, you can change your vote up until the end of the election actually.

T: Okay. So because sometimes in some web pages when you have it like save it for later, you don't submit it.

I: Okay.

T: So that was my doubt because of that I didn't press the last button. 

I: Got it, okay.

T: If there is any explanation to, yeah, finish it because afterward you could come back and change it. It's okay, then it will be safer.

I: Okay, yeah, that makes sense. I saw you didn't make use of the built-in help section, why not?

T: I don't know, I didn't feel... Didn't feel like you needed anything.

I: Okay, yeah, that's good. Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: No.

I: Okay, cool. Yeah, thank you so much.

