1:

I: Yes, alright, so I'm going to redo the script so that every single participant has the same exact scenario. So, you will be looking at a prototype of a new online voting system. The main goal is to see how easy and understandable the system is to use, and I'm looking for your honest feedback. That means that there are no right or wrong answers here. You are not being tested here, the system is. I'll be recording our session in screen and audio, and the recording is just for my internal research purposes and will be kept anonymous, but I will maybe quote you. So, as you use the system, I'd like you to try and think aloud as much as possible. That means saying out loud what you're looking at, what you're trying to do, and what you expect to happen, and what you think of what you see. This is very valuable for me to understand your thought process better. I'll be mostly observing, but I'll give you specific tasks to do. Note that once we begin, I will not answer your questions about the system. You are encouraged to use the tools and information the system provides you to find your answer. If you cannot find the answer, it is the fault of the system and it must be fixed. Can I just move this away? That's unfortunate. So, imagine this is a prototype for an online voting system that you need to use. It has some extra protection mechanisms built in, designed to help protect against voter coercion. That's when someone might try to force you to vote a certain way. One important feature is that you are able to vote multiple times to change your vote before the election officially closes. Now imagine that the election has started and your task is to use the system now to cast your votes for the candidates or issues presented.

T: So, I see the available election is for two. The only one that is active is for this one, 2025. And I have not voted before. So, let's select. I've chosen my votes. Go to the next question. Next question. And I am reviewing. The answers are right, so I submit my vote.

I: Okay, that's cool. So, before we talk about the experience, I have a quick logistical question. Would you be potentially willing and available for a short follow-up session, maybe 15 or 10 minutes, in about one or two days to test another aspect of the system?

T: Yes.

I: Cool. So, did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yes.

I: Cool. It was quite clear. Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: No, not really.

I: Did the application do a good job of explaining things to you?

T: Yes, I looked at what the memory aids were, because that was sort of... I raised the question, but I could find the information on the platform.

I: Cool.

T: Did you make use of the built-in help section? Why or why not?

I: Yes, for the memory aids, not the general help function, but to just understand what it was.

T: Cool. Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

I: No.

T: Alright. Well, thanks. That's it for today.

2:

I: So, you will be looking at a prototype of a new online voting system. The main goal is to see how easy and understandable the system is to use. I am looking for your honest feedback. This means that there are no right or wrong answers here. You are not being tested here. I'll be recording our session, screen and audio. This recording is just for my internal research purposes and will be kept anonymous, but I may quote you for the thesis. Is that okay? Cool. As you use the system, I'd like you to think and try to think out loud as much as possible. That means saying out loud what you're looking at, what you're trying to do, and what you expect to happen, and what you think of what you see. This is very valuable for me to understand your thought process better. I'll be mostly observing, but I'll give you specific tasks to do. Note that once we begin, I will not answer your questions about the system, but you are encouraged to use the tools and information of the system to find your answer. If you cannot find your answer, that's the fault of the system and needs to be fixed. Okay, so the first scenario. Imagine this is a prototype for an online voting system that you need to use. It has some extra protection mechanisms built in, designed to help protect against voter coercion. That's when someone might try to force you to vote a certain way. One important feature is that you are able to re-vote multiple times or change your vote before the election officially closes. Now, imagine the election has started. Your task is to use the system to cast your vote for the candidates or issues presented.

T: I'm supposed to go and vote for a candidate? Let's see. I think I'll just read through... Before you vote, these informations... That makes sense. Yeah, okay, so that's one thing I didn't really understand, re-voting. So during the whole phase, you can keep changing your ballot? Okay. Ah, okay. Okay. Okay. 

I: Don't click anything yet.

T: Okay.

I: Before we talk about that experience, I have a quick logistical question. Would you be potentially willing and available to do a short follow-up session, maybe 10 to 15 minutes in about one or two days, to test another aspect of the system?

T: Sure.

I: Cool, thanks. So, now the questions. Did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yeah.

I: Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: Not necessarily, no.

I: Okay. Did the application do a good job of explaining things to you?

T: Yeah.

I: Did you make use of the built-in help section? The first section, the one you see... It's this one, actually.

T: Ah, no, I did not.

I: Why not?

T: I think everything was clear enough that I could get through.

I: Okay. Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: No.

I: Okay. Cool. And so, the second scenario that we will continue with when we do the follow-up, it handles the re-voting, so you might want to remember your ballot.

T: Okay. I just need to remember the date and time, right?

I: Yeah.

T: Cool.

I: Thanks.

3:

I: Okay, so you will be looking at a prototype of a new online voting system. The main goal is to see how easy and understandable the system is to use. I am looking for your honest feedback. This means that there are no right or wrong answers here. You are not being tested here, the system is. I'll be recording our session, screen and audio. This recording is just for internal research purposes and will be kept confidential. Is that okay with you? I may quote you in the thesis anonymously. As you use the system, I'd like you to try and think out loud as much as possible. That means saying out loud what you're looking at, what you're trying to do and what you expect to happen. And what you think of what you see. This is very valuable for me to understand the thought process better. I'll mostly be observing, but I'll give you specific tasks to do. Note that once we begin, I will not answer your questions about the system. You are encouraged to use the tools and information the system provides you to find your answer. If you cannot find the answer, it is the fault of the system and must be fixed. So we're gonna do scenario one. Imagine that this is a prototype of an online voting system that you need to use. It has some extra protection mechanisms built in designed to help protect against voter coercion. That's when somebody might try to force you to vote a certain way. One important measure or feature is that you are able to re-vote multiple times to change your vote before the election officially closes. Now, imagine the election has started and your task is to use the system now to cast your vote for the candidates or issues presented.

T: So I see a bunch of before you vote stuff, which I would obviously go to read, although it seems very boring. First time. Okay, interesting. And then I'm not gonna read the system requirements because that doesn't seem relevant. Gonna log into vote, I think. Yeah, okay. Secure login using incognito mode. Yes, of course. Then I log in. And I enter my user ID and shit, yeah. Then I do the general election. Which is still open, very nice. Yes, of course. Fentanyl should be legal. Yes. Like James Goodman. It's nice. And I submit my vote and I assume I'm done.

I: Oh yeah, let me just stop you right there. Before we talk about the experience, I have a quick logistical question. Would you potentially be willing and available to do a short follow-up session, maybe 10 to 15 minutes, in about one to two days to test another aspect of the system? Sure. Okay, so you might wanna take a closer look at this page.

I: So, did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yes.

I: Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: No.

I: Did the application do a good job of explaining things to you?

T: I'd say so, yeah. Did you make use of the built-in help section, which is the one on the top?

I: No. Okay, why not?

T: Didn't feel like needed.

I: Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: I didn't think anything was alone. But I mean privacy and shit, so it makes sense.

I: Okay, yeah. Thanks.

4:

I: So, imagine a major news scandal related to one of the candidates or issues has completely changed your mind. You now strongly want to change your vote, and your task now is to log back into the system and cast a new vote that reflects your changed preferences.

T: Okay. So we log in, and we do the whole thing. And authentication. Go to the election, and I have voted before. And I remember which one I cast, which was that one. And we continue voting. Yes, yes, makes sense. And then I can, I assume, cast my new vote. So, yes. Then I cast the vote for the other dude. So I just re-voted.

I: Did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points during the process?

T: If I did it correctly, then yes.

I: Did re-voting feel like an actual option that one may use, or something unusual?

T: It felt useful.

I: Okay. Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: No.

I: Did the application do a good job of explaining things to you?

T: Yeah.

I: Did you make use of the built-in help section?

T: No.

I: Why not?

T: Because I didn't feel it necessary.

I: Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: No.

I: Was it easy for you to remember your previous ballot?

T: Yeah.

I: What helped you to remember it most?

T: The date and time. The memory aids could be good as well.

I: Okay. What do you think about the current memory aids overall?

T: They're quite useful. I mean, the ease is very nice.

I: What do you think about the re-voting mechanism overall?

T: Also nice.

I: Are you aware of the possibility to cast an invalid ballot?

T: Yes.

I: Okay. Do you think the website provides enough information about invalid ballots?

T: I'd say so.

I: Okay. How sure are you that you have cast a valid ballot?

T: Pretty sure. Okay. Unless I didn't read something. I think I was correct there. I think so too. Let me just... Okay.

I: So, now imagine the following situation, which is hypothetical but important for us to understand. Imagine you are trying to vote, but someone is coercing you. Maybe they are physically present, watching over your shoulder, or watching your screen remotely. They are telling you exactly how you must vote. Specifically, they insist that you must vote for the very first option listed for each question or issue on the ballot. Now, here's the critical part. You need to act normally while doing this, so you don't raise the coercer's suspicion. That means you cannot obviously click on or read any help sections or information buttons, especially anything related to coercion while they are watching. However, your secret goal is to make sure that when the election finally concludes, it's your own secretly intended vote, or the one you truly want, that actually gets counted, not the coerced vote you are about to cast.

T: So, I assume that I already voted. Yeah. Okay. So, I log in and do the whole thing again. I say I've already voted, and then I choose my previous vote, which is not correct in this case. So, the ballot should not count. Choose all the options they want me to. And I submit. And that should be enough.

I: Okay, thanks. Can you explain in your own words what you did?

T: I just chose the ballot that wasn't my previous one.

I: Okay. Do you know what that did? Yeah, that made the ballot invalid.

T: Okay, okay.

I: Does the website provide you with enough information even while you cannot access the help section?

T: Yeah. Cool. Thanks.
