9:

I: Just for the record, is it fine if I record the screen and the audio, but it's going to be anonymous? If I quote you, it's going to be just text, anonymous?

T: Yeah, sure.

I: Okay, cool. So yeah, what you have to do is kind of use the system to cast your vote as if you would in an election.

T: Okay. This is stuff happening?

I: No, no.

T: Yeah. The first thing is that I want to click on this even without reading the stuff here. But it's stated here, but before you vote, right? I'm not sure if I click here, will it disappear? Will I still have a chance to... Yeah, that's a comment, kind of. Yeah, kind of all this stuff that monitor recording in the public space. No one is watching at the moment. Yeah. This system allows you to close the voting period. That means that if I vote now, right, I still will be able to change my mind until midnight, I guess, or something. Okay, so that's actually the protection authentication requirements. All right. Yep, yep, yep. So that's the only thing. Maybe I won't even know about this at least. Maybe I will. Yeah, depends on the knowledge, right? Secure login. Yes, Mit-ID. But your browser does. Yeah.
Aha, so it's another page where I need to do... Yeah.

I: Just don't actually do this, because for the test I need to save a cookie, and it doesn't.

T: You're already standing behind my shoulder telling me what...

I: Yeah, this wouldn't be the case in a normal thing, but yeah, it's just with this.

T: So what do I do now? Do I really...

I: No, it's just kind of a more continue button.

T: Yeah, you're right.

I: I was thinking you might have dragged instead of just clicking.

T: Look at mine, the next page. These are mine, right? Yes, mine. The results. I can see my results. But do I really need to see this? Should I see this? Even archived. What is the difference between past elections and archived? I guess the first time. So it's like previous years. This is, I guess, maybe the past. So new results from previous elections may be in parentheses or something like for which periods. I mean, there's no any difference, at least for me now, archived and past. This is still archived, right? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I guess you need to show that it's here. So here actually the same help, right?

I: Yeah, it's the full one. It's even bigger.

T: Yeah, okay. What about before this election? Why is this necessary? If you provide some good information about any previous, do you want it? Ah, so there's a check. Yeah, what about before this election? Yeah, what if? Yeah, so now I have a, yeah, of course I forgot it. So this is where I'm putting my vote, I guess, right? Okay. It's cool. I should disable position. What? What? What is fentanyl legalisation? Some drafts? Aged and above. I don't know what it is. Normally when you have this ballot sheet, you also describe what is, I mean, I guess it's up to every party and person to put a history or is the party deciding what are they for, what did they do.

I: I remember from when you go vote in the Czech Republic, you get a mail of kind of like all the candidates. Description. Yeah, but then when you actually go there, it's just names.

T: Yeah, so you kind of already know what is behind this party. Yeah. I mean, I would assume some people go on the election without even knowing what's the situation. No, I don't think they would be treated the same if they would do that. I don't know. I mean, I've never done the online, but the physical ones I have, the physical, they are printed, right, and they have a description. You'd like actually. Okay.

I: In my country, it's just checkboxes with names.

T: Yeah. In the party. Yeah. It's all good, man. Review. Back to questions. I'm giving back to a little bit of a vote. Yeah, but yeah, kind of okay, I guess. If you plan to run your ballot in time, it should. By the date and time. Shown below. That means that I need to remember these are.

I: That's kind of just help you remember.

T: Yeah, that is what I mean. But I still will forget the picture. I mean, I would forget. In what phrase are you telling? Yeah, all right. Finish and log out. Okay, cool. See?

I: This is just my computer, it's not part of it. I'll just ask you a couple of questions then. Do you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: That I knew what to do at every point of the process. Was it like... Yeah, I guess it was.

I: Okay. Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: There was a moment, right? Just a little bit.

I: Like anything specific you can think of?

T: No, but I mean, I guess if I would be doing this on my own, I would figure this out.

I: So you think the application does a good job of explaining things to you?

T: Yeah.

I: Okay. And yeah, so you skimmed through the help section. I was supposed to ask, did you make use of it and why or why not?

T: Yeah, I read it in the beginning, right?

I: That's the whole help center. So you clicked on all of the buttons, like "Why is this necessary?". Which just opens a part of the help center that talks about that. And do you think that was good? Or helpful?

T: So here actually the same help, right?

I: Yeah, it's the full one. It's even bigger.

10:

T: So, okay, just to change the order, because I have been here before. Okay. So definitely I should better modify. If you want to vote for this election... Yes, I... Actually, now it's just asking me to click on this one because I have already been here, right? What happens if I do this? No, it's just... I guess it won't be counted. Okay. I have some data here. What was it? Salient. This is 20th. Yeah, this is confusing actually, right? I mean, I don't know if it's someone else's things, like these ballots or... I can filter, of course. But still, I can see the rest of the... Is it some... So I can see the others kind of ballots, I guess. Can I just ask, I mean, this... Yeah, you're right. Yeah. Maybe highlight it, not like in grey, but... Okay. Not even the black, but this is something important. It's like...

I: Yeah, I guess I should...

T: How do I identify my ballots? Yesterday. Yeah. Exactly, this is the... You can always vote in person at your local polling station. Yeah, but then how does it count? I mean, you kind of vote it, then you want to re-vote, you want to modify, then you come back to polling station, you just use like paper.

I: Yeah, it's also explained actually. It's... I think if you scroll maybe here... You can vote at your local...

T: I find on [?], always count it, regardless if you voted online first. Hmm, interesting. That's what it's the same. Can I see other information? Can you do it like that? Does it mean I have to choose all of them? I mean... You have to choose all your previous ballots. All the previous... Not only the last one. No. Okay. So that was... Can I actually... Yeah. Hmm. Yeah, this is confusing actually, right? I mean, because of this warning, now I'm in doubt. Did I... No, you did. No, no, but I mean, the feeling. Yeah. Because of all these warnings here. Yeah. Did I succeed? Maybe I should go to my local place and vote.

I: Yeah, it's actually a big issue and there's no solution. The only thing I could think of was the local voting thing, which also... It wasn't in the design that they proposed. That's something I thought up.

T: Yeah, I think if it's already have kind of integration with a MitID, for example, in online authorization service, maybe it can also have a kind of... What do you call the... Submission, like the notifying element, like it would notify you somewhere on your government email address, like e-box or here or somewhere else.

I: Everything the website tells you also tells the coercer, potentially.

T: It tells what?

I: It tells the coercer. Anything it tells you, it potentially tells the coercer.

T: Okay. So that's the issue.

I: There's also a third scenario, but I don't know how pressed for time you are. It would be a short one.

T: Yeah, that's fine.

I: Okay. So the third scenario is, yeah, there's a coercer behind you. So imagine me, I guess. And yeah, I'm here. I'm telling you how to vote. I saw the, you know, I saw your vote or something, but I'm telling you, I have a... I'm threatening you and I'm telling you, you must re-vote and vote for the first candidate or the first option on the list. And you have to act normally while doing this, so you can't raise any suspicion. So you can't click on anything obvious that says anything about coercion or read any help sections or click any information button because I'm watching. So your secret goal is to make sure that your actual vote is the one in the system once it closes. So go ahead.

T: I'm not really experienced with this system, right? So I don't want to cheat. Yeah, but is it like the first time you're coercing me or like, I mean...

I: No, let's say I saw your vote.

T: You already saw my vote that I voted for something else. So I can't choose this option. Okay, now I need to remember when I voted before. Yeah, that was just recently and I was yesterday. Yeah, I cast the date, I'll find my date. Yeah, but it was something like here, I guess.

I: Okay, so can you explain just in your own words what your strategy was to achieve your goal of your actual vote being the last one?

T: I was trying, yeah, I was trying to choose like wrong memory aids, I guess, and cast date and time. So that I knew that if I choose it, then the vote won't count, right? That's how I already know.

I: Yeah, and this one would not count. And do you think, like, did you feel pretty confident doing that? Like, do you imagine yourself being confident about your ability to kind of evade the coercion in such a scenario?

T: I guess, yeah, I guess, yeah.

I: Yeah, in light of this, what do you think about the security features? Does it feel like a secure system?

T: Yeah, particularly with that one, right?

I: But like overall.

T: Yeah, yeah, I guess. I guess.

I: Okay, nice. Yeah, I think that's pretty much it. That's all.

11:

I: And just for the record, I'm going to record the screen and the audio, but if I quote you, it's going to be anonymous. Is that fine?

T: Sure, yeah.

I: Okay, perfect. So go ahead.

T: Okay, so what do I have here? Log into Vote and all that stuff. They want me to vote for this.

I: You can, you don't need to.

T: Okay, so just for that. Let me take a look. Mm-hmm. So I should... What?

I: You can right-click a button to do that, but don't actually do it here. Because for the test, I need to save a cookie in my browser, and Incognito doesn't.

T: Okay, but I will not be able to log in with MitID right now.

I: No, it's actually just a picture.

T: Oh.

I: Because you need the government if you want to do that. Yeah. But in a real application, it would be there.

T: Okay, so I'll just click continue, I guess. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So I have voted.

I: I think you dragged it a little. You need to click it precisely.

T: Oh, man. I didn't even know. Strange. It's like completely random stuff. Yeah. Legalization of finance. Wow. I don't know. I don't even know what it is. Mm-hmm. So is it normally possible to re-vote?

I: In Estonia, which is like the only country where they have online voting, it actually is.

T: Okay. So this is like a new feature.

I: Kind of. It's supposed to be an anti-coercion feature.

T: It makes sense so that you are pressured by somebody and then you can do it in secret for not remembering your part.

I: Can I just ask you, are you here Monday?

T: Yes.

I: Okay. All right. We can do the continuation on Monday then. So maybe I should...

T: What do you mean continuation? Is there more?

I: There's a second scenario where you want to re-vote. It's actually like where most of the issues are found.

T: Yeah. Will it take a lot of time then?

I: No, it's also like five minutes.

T: Okay, good.

I: But it's about like remembering the things because if we do it now, it's right there at the top.

T: That's right. So we can do it on Monday.

I: Yeah, sweet. Let me just take a note of your number. Your number nine.

T: Everything is clear. Looks nice.

I: Nice, thanks.

T: Just the problem with the button, I guess.

I: Why you need to click specifically?

T: Yes, like you do this and then it doesn't go through.

I: Yeah. And then I see people doing like, fuck, fuck, stop. Even if you do a little, I don't know if it's just the mouse, because like this, yeah, it is possible. But I think that happens like everywhere. Even if you go and like, oh, it's not. But it doesn't go through.

T: You're trying to drag it now?

I: Yeah, it's like what I see people do is like they click and then it doesn't go through because they drag it.

T: Oh, yeah. Okay, but like the problem with me was that I think I didn't click in the other place. Yeah, I think it was here when I clicked here. Maybe not.

I: I think it is recorded. Yeah, it doesn't really matter. Anyway, now the questions. Too much shit. Yeah, so did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yeah.

I: Sweet. Was there every moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: No, it was some extra.

I: You think the application did a good job of explaining things to you?

T: Yeah.

I: And I saw you didn't make use of the help section. Why not?

T: Which section?

I: This help thing.

T: Oh, no, because I didn't need it.

I: No?

T: It is really straightforward.

I: Right, okay. Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: Only the thing with the button.

I: Good.

T: What is here? How to vote? What are the differences? Can I vote multiple times? Are my votes private? Yeah, maybe that would be concerning because I don't know about the IP address. Can you retrieve it? Like, all of those evaluations are supposed to be anonymous and if they are actually, I don't know.

I: Yeah, true, true. Alright, sweet. I think we're going to, like, if we do it on Monday, the continuation, that's like where the hotspot is because I tried to make it as simple as possible for the first time, but then there's like for the actual re-voting and stuff, there's a lot more things that they designed for security and I had to kind of dance around that and I don't know if I did a good enough job or not.

T: Okay. Yeah, cool.

I: Sweet, thanks.

12:

I: Yes, so just for the record, I'm going to record the screen and your audio, but if I quote you, it's going to be anonymous, just textify.

T: Nice, got it.

I: So here you go. Your task is to use the online system and vote.

T: Okay, so my task is just to vote right now?

I: Log in and vote, yeah.

T: Okay, I can just go continue. Okay, this is a mock-up. Okay, let's see. Okay. Okay. Okay, so... Okay. Okay, cool.

I: I'll just ask you, did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yes.

I: And was there ever a moment where you felt like you needed something explained to you?

T: No, just the flow of things represented, but it was quite clear, yes.

I: Okay. And you think the application did a good job of explaining things to you?

T: Yeah.

I: I saw you didn't make use of the built-in help section, why not?

T: Because maybe, but this is the test bias, I knew what I had to do.

I: Got it. Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: No, straightforward.

I: Okay, cool. Let's try doing both scenarios at once.

T: It's probably, I can't ask you much about remembering stuff, but, you know, let's see how it goes.

I: All right, so second scenario is... Imagine a major news scandal related to one of the candidates or issues that's completely changed your mind, you now strongly want to change your vote. Your task now is to log back into the system and cast a new vote that reflects your changed preferences.

T: Okay. So, let's do this. Cool. Yeah, okay.

I: I mean, I heard you say you were kind of lost, what kind of was the thing that was surprising?

T: Yeah, I think the first thing I didn't know was politics. But then I, like, maybe because I rushed the previous process, but I actually didn't, let's say, I didn't look for, I mean, I didn't remember that I needed to remember this. I didn't realize that I need to remember this in terms of re-voting, but I also didn't know that there was a possibility to re-vote before starting to vote. So maybe, maybe the issue is that it's me being a user of this system for the first time, and I didn't know that I can re-vote afterwards. So I think that was the issue, and maybe, and this is hard to actually blame on UX, I think this is more of the, how it works. So maybe, maybe it should be, you know, sometimes you have these wizards when you, for example, install something new for the first time. Maybe it should guide you through somehow, actually, when you press next, and maybe, let's say, the initial step, initial process is quite straightforward and easy, but then when you register, maybe there should be like a, the screen should go blur, like blurred a little bit, and you should highlight before going next, if it's the first entry, you should highlight the fact that if you want to re-vote, because that's a possibility, please remember this. So that is my thought, maybe I missed it because I rushed, but that would be my opinion.

I: I just want to show it to you again, like the screen that we just talked about. Like this want mode, you change about it. 

T: Yeah, like this, this is confusing in a way that it's red, it sounds like an, like it looks like an error that something happened, and it doesn't look like an info I should remember afterwards, so maybe this should be as a, maybe a different color, and maybe in a different place, maybe like if you go down, like this is quite cool, this is actually nice, and I think this one, this one creates confusion in terms of like, it looks like you made something bad, but actually, okay, so please take note of this information, I would change the color maybe, but this is a detail of course, like this is nice, this corresponds well because you go down, maybe it should also stand out a little bit more than the gray to catch the attention more, because before you press this one, or maybe you could leave it like this, remove this, click finish and logout, and then a pop-up could be, like a double confirmation could appear here.

I: But maybe, the thing is, it's like, I had it like this, but then one of my supervisors was like, oh, it's not clear enough, you need to have something more in the area, right, add this shit, but then it starts confusing people, but it's also, it's good because then I can do like a final iteration with this presentation or something. Yeah, did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the voting process?

T: Yeah, yeah, I mean, I think the first, let's go back here, okay, let's say I want to re-vote, log in to vote, yes, yes, log in, and here I would rather have something, because this looks like I'm here the first time, I think I'd rather have like available elections, past elections, and in the past, maybe it shouldn't be, maybe it could be depreciated somehow, that instead of available, you could have, for example, I don't know, yeah, maybe available is a good one, but then like past, or if you have this one here, if you already made the vote, you should have re-vote instead of enter election.

I: Yeah, but it's on purpose that it doesn't do this actually, and yeah, we can explore that a little later.

T: That would be my idea, but if that's justified, that's fine.

I: Yeah, so did re-voting feel like an actual option that one may use during the election process, or like something unusual for weird people?

T: Yeah, I think when you, like back home when you vote, you cannot re-vote, so, but then if that's provided, if this provides an option for this, then okay, but for me it felt weird because I would never, I would never know that you can re-elect, I mean re-

I: Yeah, was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: Not really.

I: Okay. Yeah, same thing as before, kind of, was there anything unexpected during the experience? I guess we kind of touched on that, like re-voting. Was it easy for you to remember your previous ballot?

T: No, because I didn't realize before, but this is again hard to actually, hard to tell who should be the one providing that info. Of course, UX of the app should somehow let you know, but I also maybe rushed it, and maybe that's the reason, because it was my first time doing this, so maybe.

I: Got it. What do you think about the memory aids that the application provides you, as in the two words and the identicon?

T: Again?

I: What do you think about the memory aids the application provides you, as in these?

T: Ah, okay, okay. I really, I think that's a tough question to answer on the one go, because it also, I think this would be very helpful on the second time, because when I understand the thing, so maybe my conclusion from this would be to create an instruction run before the real one, so someone actually understands what he has to go through and what is important to remember. So let's say, is it your first time voting? Okay, let me guide you through, for example. But if someone is doing the second program, sometime, I think it should be quite easy, and this is, yeah, this might be helpful if you know what to look for.

I: Do you think like a video, maybe?

T: Maybe like a video, or yeah, it could be a video actually.

I: Okay. What do you think about the re-voting mechanism overall?

T: I think this is very, this depends on human memory, which can be very tricky at the verification, like from understood, there are three days on which you can vote. So maybe given the time, it's okay, but let's say someone forgets, like doing this in a rush, how do you allow people who actually forgot, or maybe someone has like damage or whatever, like there are plenty of issues that can appear. How do you ensure that they can do it again, even though they're not, they're being the true, having the true identity?

I: That's actually explored in here.

T: Okay, let's see.

I: So if you read this, do you think it provides you enough info about that?

T: Okay, yeah, yeah, okay, sure. Okay, cool. Yeah, then I think that's an interesting idea, and if you explain it well before, it should be nice.

I: Are you aware of the possibility to cast an invalid ballot?

T: Yes, yes I am aware.

I: Do you think the website provides enough information about invalid ballots?

T: Yeah, it's quite, the description is quite extensive, so yeah, I think it looks like if I wanted to know, I would find it, so it's good.

I: And how sure are you that you've cast a valid ballot?

T: As you can see, I surrendered, so yeah, but there was again, I think, an issue of trying to, but I didn't really understand at the beginning that this can be done and how it works, but maybe that's because I rushed. Well, but I think like a lot of people are like, they have no, the expectation is log in, vote, and that's it, so they kind of rush through it, and the thing is, but they also, I don't think they would even need to vote if they don't really consider that, so like the complication is the thing that they would kind of ignore altogether, so that's, you know, how do you deal with that?

I: Okay
