And do you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process? For example, the one that I wanted to find my bullet, I couldn't because I don't know, maybe I didn't pay much attention. I just followed the next or continue or something. I think if there is an option to say, you cannot continue until you find your bullet to change it because I pressed that button that this is not my first time. So I shouldn't get to the next before I find my correct bullet. Yeah, but it's actually a deliberate choice because there's the security and usability trade-off. And it's really unfortunate that my laptop died here because there was actually a third scenario that we could have done together. Okay. And it's when somebody's, the thing that's starting to prevent is when somebody's behind you and they're telling you how to vote. And at that point, the application is designed so it doesn't reveal anything about you to anybody. And it's so that like, yeah, even if you don't select anything, it's true. Like there's no point where it can kind of damage you. Do you think the application did a good job of explaining things to you? Yeah, but there are, as I said, there are a lot of description there. So I don't know really to pay attention to which of them. So I just briefly look at that and I try to go through the process. So like complicated? Yeah, sometimes. Because when I want to vote, I want to see what I want to select and then done. Not just read this, read this, or maybe you could have in more pages but less explanation. Maybe. Yeah, that makes sense. Because I am the lazy user. I just want to pick the one that I want from that page and go through it. Yeah, that makes sense. Was it easy to recognize your previous ballot or to find it? Yeah, it took a while, but still, because I had the exact time and date. And what do you think about the two memory aids that the system provides you with, the picture and the text? Do you think they're helpful? Yeah. Okay. Are you aware of the possibility to cast an invalid ballot? How? Can you? What exactly should I answer to this question? Oh, it's mostly the question is to see if the system did a good job of informing you about these things. Okay. Yeah. As I said, because I thought, okay, there aren't many bullets, so I tried to just scroll between pages. But sometimes if the position of that filter could help more, maybe, at the sides, so I see that, okay, this is easier to use. Got it. Do you think the website provides enough information about invalid ballots? In the case that you mentioned, if somebody's forcing someone to vote, so now I see why we shouldn't say that it is valid or it is not in the case that we want to change our vote. So afterward, we know. So that one is not valid anymore because I want to change it. So that was okay. Okay. And how sure are you that you have cast a valid ballot? Some questions are challenging to answer, but more or less, I think that was okay. Okay. Yeah. So you're sure that your ballot was valid? Yeah, based on the date, because we didn't have any other options. Yeah. But also when I opened that one, I couldn't see my vote, my previous one. If I could see, like, opening that bullet, it would be easier, maybe, because now we have just date and time. Yeah. So maybe a couple of people just voting at that time, if there is a case like this, then it will be difficult to understand. It's exactly mine or somebody else's. But if I open it and see what I voted, so maybe it helps more. Yeah, it's just something that's come up multiple times. Like, it's not other people's votes. Yeah, I mean, for example, I claim that this is my bullet, but that wasn't. So I tried to open the other people's. Yeah, but once again, it's not other people's votes. It's fake votes. Okay. So everybody has, like, kind of a list of just theirs, and you have your fake votes and your real votes. Okay. Now it makes sense. So it is in the fighting. And do you think, since there wasn't any confusion at all, do you think I need to explain it better? Do you think there needs to be, like, because then I have to put in more disclaimers? Yeah, if the rest are fake, maybe you could just have it in one page. But is there a reason to just scroll between a lot of pages, a lot of bullets? Yeah, it's just, it needs to generate, I think, one every 10 minutes. So it goes up to 1,000, I think. Ah, okay. Yeah, and that's the guy who designed the system. It's on purpose. Ah, okay. Yeah, and that's, yeah, that's the guy who designed the system. So it goes up to 1,000, I think. Ah, okay. Yeah, and that's, yeah, that's the guy who designed the system. So it goes up to 1,000, I think. Ah, okay. Yeah, and that's, yeah, that's the guy who designed the system. So it goes up to 1,000, I think. Ah, okay. Ah, okay. Yeah, and that's, yeah, that's the guy who designed the system.
