I: Just for the record, is it fine if I record the screen and the audio, but it's going to be anonymous? If I quote you, it's going to be just text, anonymous?

T: Yeah, sure.

I: Okay, cool. So yeah, what you have to do is kind of use the system to cast your vote as if you would in an election.

T: Okay. This is stuff happening?

I: No, no.

T: Yeah. The first thing is that I want to click on this even without reading the stuff here. But it's stated here, but before you vote, right? I'm not sure if I click here, will it disappear? Will I still have a chance to... Yeah, that's a comment, kind of. Yeah, kind of all this stuff that monitor recording in the public space. No one is watching at the moment. Yeah. This system allows you to close the voting period. That means that if I vote now, right, I still will be able to change my mind until midnight, I guess, or something. Okay, so that's actually the protection authentication requirements. All right. Yep, yep, yep. So that's the only thing. Maybe I won't even know about this at least. Maybe I will. Yeah, depends on the knowledge, right? Secure login. Yes, Mit-ID. But your browser does. Yeah.
Aha, so it's another page where I need to do... Yeah.

I: Just don't actually do this, because for the test I need to save a cookie, and it doesn't.

T: You're already standing behind my shoulder telling me what...

I: Yeah, this wouldn't be the case in a normal thing, but yeah, it's just with this.

T: So what do I do now? Do I really...

I: No, it's just kind of a more continue button.

T: Yeah, you're right.

I: I was thinking you might have dragged instead of just clicking.

T: Look at mine, the next page. These are mine, right? Yes, mine. The results. I can see my results. But do I really need to see this? Should I see this? Even archived. What is the difference between past elections and archived? I guess the first time. So it's like previous years. This is, I guess, maybe the past. So new results from previous elections may be in parentheses or something like for which periods. I mean, there's no any difference, at least for me now, archived and past. This is still archived, right? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I guess you need to show that it's here. So here actually the same help, right?

I: Yeah, it's the full one. It's even bigger.

T: Yeah, okay. What about before this election? Why is this necessary? If you provide some good information about any previous, do you want it? Ah, so there's a check. Yeah, what about before this election? Yeah, what if? Yeah, so now I have a, yeah, of course I forgot it. So this is where I'm putting my vote, I guess, right? Okay. It's cool. I should disable position. What? What? What is fentanyl legalisation? Some drafts? Aged and above. I don't know what it is. Normally when you have this ballot sheet, you also describe what is, I mean, I guess it's up to every party and person to put a history or is the party deciding what are they for, what did they do.

I: I remember from when you go vote in the Czech Republic, you get a mail of kind of like all the candidates. Description. Yeah, but then when you actually go there, it's just names.

T: Yeah, so you kind of already know what is behind this party. Yeah. I mean, I would assume some people go on the election without even knowing what's the situation. No, I don't think they would be treated the same if they would do that. I don't know. I mean, I've never done the online, but the physical ones I have, the physical, they are printed, right, and they have a description. You'd like actually. Okay.

I: In my country, it's just checkboxes with names.

T: Yeah. In the party. Yeah. It's all good, man. Review. Back to questions. I'm giving back to a little bit of a vote. Yeah, but yeah, kind of okay, I guess. If you plan to run your ballot in time, it should. By the date and time. Shown below. That means that I need to remember these are.

I: That's kind of just help you remember.

T: Yeah, that is what I mean. But I still will forget the picture. I mean, I would forget. In what phrase are you telling? Yeah, all right. Finish and log out. Okay, cool. See?

I: This is just my computer, it's not part of it. I'll just ask you a couple of questions then. Do you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: That I knew what to do at every point of the process. Was it like... Yeah, I guess it was.

I: Okay. Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: There was a moment, right? Just a little bit.

I: Like anything specific you can think of?

T: No, but I mean, I guess if I would be doing this on my own, I would figure this out.

I: So you think the application does a good job of explaining things to you?

T: Yeah.

I: Okay. And yeah, so you skimmed through the help section. I was supposed to ask, did you make use of it and why or why not?

T: Yeah, I read it in the beginning, right?

I: That's the whole help center. So you clicked on all of the buttons, like "Why is this necessary?". Which just opens a part of the help center that talks about that. And do you think that was good? Or helpful?

T: So here actually the same help, right?

I: Yeah, it's the full one. It's even bigger.