I: Yes. Alright. And all the information should be on the websites for you, so I will actually not answer any questions, but you should kind of have to figure out what you have to do from the website alone. Okay. So the task is just to log in and cast your vote. Okay. And I mean, I can go in and check all of these before? Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And it would also be really helpful if you kind of spoke out loud about what you're looking at and what you think is happening.

T: Okay. Ensure you are in a private environment. What does that mean? I hope I'm just watching all I show, but this doesn't make sense. Your electorate is not being monitored or recorded. It's pretty easy to find out. So what is it that you want me to do now? It's just log in. Left click. Oh, okay. So with my real?

I: No, it's just a picture.

T: It's just a picture. I didn't know how far you wanted me to go. This page would have been... I'll just go, okay. Just read the text question. That would be... Um... I might click the login button.

I: Oh, please don't actually do this because the server could be busy. It's just a little quick look because... I was in my... Okay.

T: Okay. Before proceeding, using a cognitant mode ensures no browsing. Okay. Um... Filter by... I guess it is... Apparently I voted before. Oh, you just kind of have to keep track of it. So let me just check it. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this. Okay. Christian. Oh my god. I will check that one. That is so obvious. Legislation of... Should the sale... Oh, wait. Okay. Okay. I have no idea who they are, but here we go. Oh, come on. I'm not going to click all of them, but I think it's a relevant selection of help center things. Okay. Yeah, I think the... In the beginning, it's about the coercion thing, but it also provided that help. What to be afraid of or what to be aware of in the voting situation. [Note: The user here wrongfully thought the decoy ballots were actually those cast by the testers before him. He then wrongfully clicked a bunch of ballots and thus submitted an invalid vote.]

I: Yeah, got it. And did the application do a good job of explaining everything to you?

T: I mean, the questions themselves were straight and accurate, easy to understand, right? Kind of what you get used to by now, I guess.

I: Right. Did you make use of the built-in help section?

T: I guess I saw you. I guess I did. So, yes.

I: And why?

T: More to get... It was not that I had a need to read the help, I felt, but sometimes it's also like just out of pure interest to kind of get maybe a more deep understanding of what kind of questions could you ask, and then like, oh, maybe I didn't think of that, just to be more aware of the tool or the process itself.

I: Yeah. And was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: No, I don't think so. Okay.

I: Well, the thing that I saw actually wanted to ask you if you had voted before in this election, it always shows like no or yes, because it's supposed to be kind of plausible deniability. Yeah. So even if you haven't, there will be an option that you have so that if there's somebody behind you, the application can't reveal any information about you. And the thing I saw you click was you clicked you did, which is incorrect. So actually your vote was not counted because you provided incorrect information.

T: Okay.

I: And why do you think you, I guess, decided to click that?

T: Yeah, I mean, when I... Actually, because we skipped this MitID and then I thought, okay, so this is just about test data and you have to run this on other persons, so there's data. So I guess I'm playing the role of a person who has done this before. So I wanted more than just to fill out a blank completely from the start. I was like, okay, let me see if it overrides. I haven't gotten to that part yet because now I just have the new key phrase or what do you call that? Yeah, this olive thing.
