I: Okay, so just for the record, you do consent to me recording you and anonymously quoting you?

T: Yeah, of course. Are you recording the screen as well?

I: Yes.

T: Okay, perfect. So I have a task here. This is to log in, I guess. I'm logged in? No. No, okay. Okay, perfect. Just to make sure... Should I also read it out loud? Okay, look at it. Perfect. Okay. Yeah, okay. What if I forget what I have? What was my ballot? Okay.

I: If you have any questions, try to use the website.

T: Yeah, I know, I just think I did a lot, so... Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, so it's just making sure that I'm not correct while the page is up. Okay, not that the physical ballot is consistent. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, but that would invalidate my vote here? Or like, is there a system to make that for sure? Because the one, the physical ballot is supposed to be anonymous as well. So how do you discard it?

I: Well, I guess they can check.

T: Okay.

I: It's just that when you go to your ID, so it's not the ballot.

T: Yeah, they take you, yeah, they get discarded later on. Okay. Perfect. I forgot, sorry. Okay, perfect. I need to answer some particular requirements, which are... MitID, which is your accommodating station. Also application requirements, smartphone with MitID. Okay, I will take that out, I guess. Application requirements, physical requirements, application requirements. Okay. Okay, yeah, that's what I was... Okay, opening incognito mode. I guess in incognito mode to protect your privacy. Okay. Okay, now what this is basically the same, the same help. Okay. Avoiding both keeps no record. Okay. I was just doing this because... Oh, okay, is that for the...

I: It's just a photo, because you need to be registered with the Danish government to submit it. So this would be there, but it's just...

T: Fair enough. Look at elections. Oh, so I can see the results from the previous case, yeah. But it's nice that I can see what happened before. Your archive elections. So there should be a list here of how the previous elections went. To take that into account if I want to apply. So in my end, party A fucked up and they were in the government, I can remember. Your party will recount, and you provide the correct information about your voting history. Okay. Isn't this kind of tricky, so the system take into account if it's your first or not on its own? I will try later on if this is... I mean, this is my first vote, so... Perfect. New Liberal Party, Green Party, Christian Conservative Union, Change... I mean, I'm not really into Danish. I think these are the ones in the government. It's English, they're Danish. Okay, I mean... To the same position, I guess. If you ballot the car, if you fail, you get in and out. I mean, certainly for many applications, kind of. But I would say in general, no, it's too addictive. I'm not going to make jokes, so... Okay, is this a good man? So, no, okay, submit vote. Number A's, what are these? Okay, that's perfect. Could you identify the constituencies, specifically if you ballot, and identify the bottom on many others if you need to re-vote? Okay, so there is one for every combination, I hope?

I: Yeah.

T: Okay, that's nice. Can this be used later screen, the arrow down, I guess, or whatever this is? Can I use these to actually take it into account? So if I return to the front page?

I: No, it's just... Okay, so you can meet on Friday?

T: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I: Okay, good.

T: So we can do the e-voting on Friday. Ah, okay, because I thought I would try the re-voting now.

I: No, no, no, no.

T: So can I try to remember it or do whatever you have to do? No, it's fine. I think I will remember.

I: Okay, perfect.

T: I think you will remember, so...

I: I'll ask you some questions now.

T: Yeah, sure.

I: Okay, so did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yeah, pretty much. It was explained and I mean, in case I was kind of explained, you had the help button. 

I: Was there ever a moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: Yeah, when I started voting, I think the system should be, well, explained, but I think the system should know if it's the first vote with the MitID or not.

I: It's actually on purpose to kind of preserve your plausible deniability.

T: Okay, okay.

I: So do you think that should be explained better?

T: A bit more, because for me it was weird that I had to specify it was my first vote.

I: Right. Yeah, because... I have something similar. Wait, if I can just show you here.

T: Yeah, of course.

I: It's like if you go here and you don't click anything, then it's just like you're seeing this notification regardless of if your choices were correct or not. Because the system should know, but it doesn't, it can't reveal anything about you. Because anything it tells you, it also tells the coercer behind you.

T: I see, I see.

I: So you think there should be like, you're seeing this regardless of if you have voted or not?

T: Yeah, exactly.

I: Okay, that's good. Let's just... Okay, and did the application do a good job of explaining things to you?

T: Pretty much, like I think it's really, really interesting that they give you the codes, like the... I guess it was little spring and the arrow down. Having these codes also helps in case I need something, well, we're gonna repeat it on Friday anyways. But also on the help system, maybe... Yeah, you see it's really fine. Like I was thinking maybe that you could have it on a different setup, like this at the beginning, but I think it's most people who actually will know how this works can just directly vote, so it's fine.

I: Yeah, I get it. Did you make use of the built-in help section?

T: Yeah.

I: And why?

T: Because it's my first time using the app and I had no clue about basically how this should work. So I think it's important to know because many times you have issues because, I don't know, well, meeting it doesn't work with if you don't have Chrome. And that's a headache because if you don't use that on your phone, then you're basically cooked.

I: Makes sense. Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: T: Not really. I mean, it worked.
