T: Okay, so all I need to do is just go in and change my vote. Okay, I'll log in. So I can go into my... I'm not gonna go into incognito. I'm gonna go into MitID. Gonna press continue. Hello? Oh, there we go. So... Now I need to see... I still need to enter this election, I guess. But now it will ask me if I have not voted or if I have voted. I have voted before. There we go. Now I need to find my vote. It's not today. It was just... Oh, there's so many people who voted, what the fuck. It's not in SDs. This one. Continue voting. Incorrect? What? No, I'm sure this is mine. Yes. Nice! Okay, now I can... I will vote for something else. I'm gonna find Green Party. No, I still don't agree with that. There you go. And I'm gonna change who I voted for. I'm gonna say yes, submit the vote. Now I got a new one I need to remember. Now it's green instead of blue. Okay, finish and log out. Okay, done. Return to front page.

I: Do you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yes.

I: Did revoting feel like a natural option that anyone could use? Or like something unusual for, I don't know, some very specific people?

T: It seems very natural the way that it's been put up, but not natural the way that I'm not used to being able to do that.

I: That makes sense. Was there every moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: I was worried that it wasn't my... my... what's it called? Ballot? Or my vote? But of course it popped up to be like, are you sure? Because it makes sense that you're not sure. Like, you should be 100% sure, or you should at least think over it one more.

I: Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: No.

I: Was it easy for you to remember your previous ballot?

T: I think so, yeah. I hope I did it correctly.

I: What helped you most to remember it?

T: The dessert.

I: Okay. So the keyword.

T: Yes. And also the drawing. I remember it was blue.

I: Ah, great. What do you think about the current memory aids overall?

T: Huh?

I: What do you think about the current memory aids overall, that being the keyword and the drawing?

T: I think it's fine.

I: Cool. What do you think about the rewording mechanism overall?

T: I think it's good.

I: Okay. Are you aware of the possibility to cast an invalid ballot?

T: Yes, I am.

I: Do you think the website provides enough information about it?

T: I think so, yeah. With the pop-up as well.

I: How sure are you that you have cast a valid ballot?

T: Pretty sure. Like 95? But it's just because I'm unsure if I remember correctly.

I: Yeah, you did actually.

T: Nice.

I: You want to do the third scenario as well?

T: Yeah, sure.

I: It's a hypothetical scenario. You have to imagine that I'm a coercer and I'm trying to coerce you to vote. So I'm here physically watching over your shoulder telling you to do something. So now the critical part is you can't really be obvious. You can't click on any help things or do anything about coercion because that obviously took me off. And I'm telling you that you need to vote for the first option in every category. But your goal is to make sure that at the end when we are done with this, it's your actual vote that counts and you can employ any strategy you think you can.

T: Okay, so should I just start?

I: Yeah, go for it.

T: Okay, I'm logging in. Oh. Logging in. I'm logging in with my ID again. Continue. I'm going to see into this election. No, this is my first vote. And you want me to vote for all the first ones in this category? Submit my vote. There you go.

I: Cool. Could you describe in your own words what you think you did to achieve your goal?

T: I know I already voted before. So saying that, oh, this is my first time voting again, I will think that the system would recognize, no, you actually have voted before. So the first vote should be the one that counts. Or let's say that I'm now alone and I can go in and re-vote. I can also still do that, but I still right now think my first vote that I also just changed is the valid one.

I: Okay, cool. Did you feel confident that the system wouldn't reveal anything about you if you clicked incorrectly? 

T: Yes, I'm pretty sure. Like, the only thing it would do, even if I went in, is like, let's say that I pressed the wrong... No, yes, I voted before. Even here, you can't see that I am one of these votes. So yes.

I: Okay. Cool. Thanks.
