I: And just for the record, I'm going to record the screen and the audio, but if I quote you, it's going to be anonymous. Is that fine?

T: Sure, yeah.

I: Okay, perfect. So go ahead.

T: Okay, so what do I have here? Log into Vote and all that stuff. They want me to vote for this.

I: You can, you don't need to.

T: Okay, so just for that. Let me take a look. Mm-hmm. So I should... What?

I: You can right-click a button to do that, but don't actually do it here. Because for the test, I need to save a cookie in my browser, and Incognito doesn't.

T: Okay, but I will not be able to log in with MitID right now.

I: No, it's actually just a picture.

T: Oh.

I: Because you need the government if you want to do that. Yeah. But in a real application, it would be there.

T: Okay, so I'll just click continue, I guess. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So I have voted.

I: I think you dragged it a little. You need to click it precisely.

T: Oh, man. I didn't even know. Strange. It's like completely random stuff. Yeah. Legalization of finance. Wow. I don't know. I don't even know what it is. Mm-hmm. So is it normally possible to re-vote?

I: In Estonia, which is like the only country where they have online voting, it actually is.

T: Okay. So this is like a new feature.

I: Kind of. It's supposed to be an anti-coercion feature.

T: It makes sense so that you are pressured by somebody and then you can do it in secret for not remembering your part.

I: Can I just ask you, are you here Monday?

T: Yes.

I: Okay. All right. We can do the continuation on Monday then. So maybe I should...

T: What do you mean continuation? Is there more?

I: There's a second scenario where you want to re-vote. It's actually like where most of the issues are found.

T: Yeah. Will it take a lot of time then?

I: No, it's also like five minutes.

T: Okay, good.

I: But it's about like remembering the things because if we do it now, it's right there at the top.

T: That's right. So we can do it on Monday.

I: Yeah, sweet. Let me just take a note of your number. Your number nine.

T: Everything is clear. Looks nice.

I: Nice, thanks.

T: Just the problem with the button, I guess.

I: Why you need to click specifically?

T: Yes, like you do this and then it doesn't go through.

I: Yeah. And then I see people doing like, fuck, fuck, stop. Even if you do a little, I don't know if it's just the mouse, because like this, yeah, it is possible. But I think that happens like everywhere. Even if you go and like, oh, it's not. But it doesn't go through.

T: You're trying to drag it now?

I: Yeah, it's like what I see people do is like they click and then it doesn't go through because they drag it.

T: Oh, yeah. Okay, but like the problem with me was that I think I didn't click in the other place. Yeah, I think it was here when I clicked here. Maybe not.

I: I think it is recorded. Yeah, it doesn't really matter. Anyway, now the questions. Too much shit. Yeah, so did you feel like you knew what you were supposed to do at all points of the process?

T: Yeah.

I: Sweet. Was there every moment where you felt you needed something explained to you?

T: No, it was some extra.

I: You think the application did a good job of explaining things to you?

T: Yeah.

I: And I saw you didn't make use of the help section. Why not?

T: Which section?

I: This help thing.

T: Oh, no, because I didn't need it.

I: No?

T: It is really straightforward.

I: Right, okay. Was there anything unexpected during the experience?

T: Only the thing with the button.

I: Good.

T: What is here? How to vote? What are the differences? Can I vote multiple times? Are my votes private? Yeah, maybe that would be concerning because I don't know about the IP address. Can you retrieve it? Like, all of those evaluations are supposed to be anonymous and if they are actually, I don't know.

I: Yeah, true, true. Alright, sweet. I think we're going to, like, if we do it on Monday, the continuation, that's like where the hotspot is because I tried to make it as simple as possible for the first time, but then there's like for the actual re-voting and stuff, there's a lot more things that they designed for security and I had to kind of dance around that and I don't know if I did a good enough job or not.

T: Okay. Yeah, cool.

I: Sweet, thanks.
